Amended Code to Integrate Rancher Fleet Manager with IFF GitOps Framework for Onboarding Devices. (#30)
Open-IoT-Service-Platform/oisp-iot-agent: container/kubernetes/onboarding/README.md

# IOT Agent Device GitOps Framework

> This Framework Blueprint for GitOps Sequence Flow for OnBoarding Gateway Devices for Industry Fusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Framework blueprint for GitOps Sequence Flow to OnBoard Gateway Devices for Industry Fusion.
```

secret "global-devices-secret" deleted
...........
```

> 8.After the Gitops Deployment yaml is complied from different GitRepo's , We push the all.yaml file to GitOpS Repo for Rancher-Fleet Plugin to 
>   initate the OnBoarding process for choosen Cluster and Node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. After the Gitops deployment yaml is complied from different GitRepo's , we push the all.yaml file to the GitOpS repo for Rancher-Fleet Plugin to 
  initiate the OnBoarding process for the chosen Cluster and Node.
```
